The Blockstream app (formerly Green) is a simple and secure Bitcoin wallet that makes it easy to get started sending and receiving Bitcoin and Liquid-based assets such as Liquid Bitcoin (L-BTC) and Tether’s USDt.

Built by Blockstream, one of the most security-focused teams in the Bitcoin industry, the wallet is supported across multiple platforms and is designed for Bitcoin beginners and power users alike.

EASY SETUP
No registration or personal details are required to get started, just write down your recovery phrase and start making Bitcoin transactions right away.

BUY BITCOIN DIRECTLY TO SELF-CUSTODY
No intermediate self custody, buy bitcoin directly into your wallet (additional registration may be required).

FASTER & CHEAPER BITCOIN TRANSACTIONS
Smart fee estimation ensures your Bitcoin payments arrive on time without being charged excessive fees.

MULTILINGUAL
We speak your language. Green includes support for Brazilian Portuguese, Chinese (Simplified), Dutch, English, French, German, Hebrew, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Russian, Spanish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese. And more to come!

BITCOIN LAYER-2 SUPPORT
Send and receive Liquid Bitcoin L-BTC, Tether’s USDt, and any other Liquid-based assets with a Liquid account.


Bitcoin power users will feel right at home with a wide range of advanced features and industry-firsts:

FEE CONTROL
Fully customizable transaction fees with replace-by-fee support so that you can start low and adjust the fee if necessary. Great for pushing through urgent transactions without overpaying.

HARDWARE WALLET SUPPORT
Integration with Blockstream Jade, Ledger Nano S and X, Trezor One and T (see our help desk for latest compatibility across the various supported platforms).

TWO-FACTOR THRESHOLDS
Require two-factor authentication for large payments only, by setting a two-factor threshold. Total payments up to the threshold can be completed without 2FA.

WATCH-ONLY WALLETS
Keep an eye on your Bitcoin balances while on the go and receive payments from others without needing to grant payment permissions to your device.

TESTNET SUPPORT
Easily make test transactions on Bitcoin testnet until you feel comfortable with how the wallet works.

PRIVACY
No documents, personal information, or KYC required. An email address is needed for wallet recovery purposes only. Connect via Tor at the tap of a button, no other apps needed.

CONNECT TO YOUR OWN NODE
Verify transactions on your own full node with SPV support.